[NPoS] Unlimited number of nominators eligible for Rewards payout (#13498)
paritytech/substrate: frame/staking/README.md

The **reward and slashing** procedure is the core of the Staking module, attempting to _embrace
valid behavior_ while _punishing any misbehavior or lack of availability_.

> Rewards must be claimed for each era before it gets too old by [`HistoryDepth`] using the
> `payout_stakers` call. Any account can call `payout_stakers`, which pays the reward to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rewards must be claimed on a per-era basis via the `payout_stakers` call, and must be claimed before [`HistoryDepth`] eras have passed since the reward's inclusion, after which any unclaimed rewards will expire and be removed from storage. Any account can call `payout_stakers`, which pays the reward to the
```
